1. I have come across many different forms throughout the web. I find that the majority are relatively similar and actually quite simple. Typically it is just entering name and email into boxes and occasional button questions. From what I most often interact with these forms are for contact, usually the website company or business contacting me.
2. Text input can vary in a lot of different ways. It is used to give different variations of emphasis on a text box the user will interact with. For example when typing in a password in a textbox it would hid the text using dots or stars.
The selection input can vary from single answer multiple choice, multiple answer, and drop down menus. A good example of this is online quizzes often allow you to check multiple boxes of a certain question.
Button types allow the user to interact with the site beyond just answering questions. This can be in things such as a submit or upload button that many people see on the daily basis. An example of this is the use of an image button, you may see a colorful decal that can be used as the submit button when submitting information on a website.
3. A major success this week is that I was very smart with my time management, I had nearly all of my schoolwork finished Thursday morning preparing to leave Friday for a weekend of lacrosse in Utah. However a challenge, or more so unfortunate  burden of my week was that someone on my team tested positive for covid and the trip was cancelled and we are all now forced to quarantine. 
